Linking sites with PFTs (#2144)
PecanProject/pecan: book_source/03_intermediate_users_guide/01_pecan_xml.Rmd

##### (Experimental) `veg`: Vegetation initial conditions {#xml-run-inputs-veg}

(Under construction. Follow developments in the `PEcAn.data.land` package, located in `modules/data.land` in the source code).

> ##### `pft.site` If you're interested to use a specific PFT for your site/sites you can use the following tag to tell interanl functions, which PFT needs to be used for what site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### `pft.site` Multi-site site / PFT mapping

When performing multi-site runs, it is not uncommon to find that different sites need to be run with different PFTs, rather than running all PFTs at all sites. If you're interested to use a specific PFT for your site/sites you can use the following tag to tell PEcAn which PFT needs to be used for what site.
```

```
<pft.site>
  <path>site_pft.csv</path>
</pft.site>
```
For example using the above tag, user needs to have a csv file named `site_pft` stored in the pecan folder. At the moment we have functions supporting just the `.csv` and `.txt` files which are comma separated and have the following format:
```
site_id, pft_name
1000025731,temperate.broadleaf.deciduous
764,temperate.broadleaf.deciduous
```

> Then pecan would use this lookup table to inform `write.ensemble.config` function about what PFT need to be used for what site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then pecan would use this lookup table to inform `write.ensemble.config` function about what PFTs need to be used for what sites.
```
